there's another strange thing that
people are doing I mentioned this last
week sales of canned tuna fish have
plummeted canned tuna consumption is
down more than 40 percent over the past
three decades and the tuna companies
believe the reason is because
Millennials don't want to go to the
trouble of opening a can the
vice-president of marketing for starkest
said and this is a real quote he said a
lot of Millennials don't even own can
openers I find that reason a little bit
hard to believe so we decided to put the
theory to the test and we went on the
show we asked young people walking by to
try to open a can of tuna and well this
is how that went can I ask you a
question yes can you open that can of
tuna fish okay I would try
it's been a while can you open a can of
tuna fish
I mean I'm supposed to know I have 1/8
in a minute
I'll try I always have problem with
those stuff
I don't know how to open those okay okay
so what happened here you open the can
opener today you got try this try not to
break that once our last can opener did
you break the other let me try this are
you doing this to prove like that
Millennials like can or can't open then
because they're like company said that
you know the reason they don't so tuner
anymore is cuz we can't do it yeah yeah
pretty much
yeah you're definitely proving them
wrong
wonderful nailed it you're that do you
feel you have stood up for Millennials
yeah like we're pretty capable I feel
like yeah yeah look at that can of tuna
fish yeah yeah definitely
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed